<h1>Assignment 2 • Igniting our app 🔥</h1>
<b>1. What is NPM?</b>
<p>NPM is a package manager for the Node, however it is not called the Node Package Manager. 😋

NPM's recent versions come with NPX, that aids the user in executing the packages/modules that are only required very rarely during the development of a project.

NPM library contains a lot of publicly published packages that are available for download & to be used in our projects.
</p>
<b>2. What is `Parcel/Webpack`? Why do we need it?</b>
<p>Parcel/Webpack are the bundlers for JS/TS code that helps us in optimizing the codebase by minifying & cleaning our codebase. They often come bundled with Babel which is required to transpile the JSX inorder to run JSX based react code. The bundlers keep the track of the source files & the dependencies. It guarantees that all the source files & associated code files are kept updated & error-free.

The bundlers bundles our code & spits out a single optimized js file (aka bundle.js) which could be easily transmitted over to client from server (low data transfer size) i.e., instead of sending multiple files we can have one single file.

Features that a bundler provides:
<li>Code minification</li>
<li>Image optimization</li>
<li>Hot Module Reload/Replacement (HMR) </li>
<li>Tree Shaking</li>
<li>Code Splitting</li>
...and much more.
</p>
<b>3. What is parcel-cache?</b>
<p>It is a file that stores the information about our project when it first builds it so that for every next consecutive builds it does not have to analyze & parse everything from the scratch.</p>
<b>4. What is NPX?</b>
<p>See answer 1 for it</p>
<b>5. Difference between Dependencies & Dev-dependencies?</b>
<p>Dependencies are the modules/packages that are required to run our project in both the dev & production environments whereas, the dev-dependencies are those which are only required during the dev builds and not the production builds. <br>
For e.g., React is dependency, prettier is a dev-dependency</p>
<b>6. What is tree shaking?</b>
<p>It is the dead-code removal technique that is used to optimize the bundle build. It relies on the import & export of the files.</p>
<b>7. What is Hot Module Replacement?</b>
<p>HMR is the technique that allows the latest changed files to trigger the build & render on the browser immediately without a full reload thus retaining the state of the application which otherwise would have got flushed.</p>
<b>8. Difference between package.json & package-lock.json?</b>
<p>👉 Paackage.json - This file holds the meta-data of any js project including the author details, dependencies, scripts, etc. The NPM CLI uses it to communicate & execute your application.<br>
👉 Paackage.json - This lock file holds the information on the packages and modules required for our project, including their exact version. Objective is to offer a immuatable replica of the package.json file if we fetch older version of the code then we may end up with the exact dependencies.
</p>
<b>9. Why shouldn't we modify the package-lock.json?</b>
<p>This is an automatically generated file thus it should not be altered or modify. Its purpose is to track the entire dependencies tree & exact version of them.</p>
<b>10. What is node-modules? Should we push it to git?</b>
<p>Node-modules is a folder containing all the code of the dependency packages & modules that are being used within our project. It shouldn't be commited to the git as it occupies a lot of memory space and more importantnly the required dependencies are already tracked in the package.json file so if anybody else tries to setup the instance of our app in their local the NPM would automatically install all the dependencies and pakages for them.</p>
<b>11. What is ~ & ^ in package.json?</b>
<p>The tilde (~) is used to signify "Approximately equivalent version". It will allow the NPM to update only within the current minor release & patches only, for e.g., ~1.3.2 means 1.3.2 to < 1.4.0<br>
Carror (^) is used to signify "Compatible with version". It will allow to use & update the package within the major version's minor releases, for e.g., ^1.2.3 means 1.2.3 to < 2.0.0 </p>
<b>12. What is the dist folder from parcel?</b>
<p>The dist folder is the default output folder for the builds generated by the parcel.